On today’s world restaurant chain management is booming. For developing country like Bangladesh it’s also the same .From that vision this Restaurant Management System relies on an idea to maintain orders and management and inventory system of a particular restaurant which will able to include two segments during this project, one of them is that the Ordering food and so, the opposite one is for the Administration panel. This application is principally developed to help one's to stay up ordering records for the working hours. By selecting Food Order, the system displays a list of obtainable foods and beverages, and the customer must place an order with its quantity. Next for the Order Confirmation and Payment methods, the customer should proceed forward. Restaurant Management System in C#.NET consists following modules such as Login Module, Employee Module, Administrator Module. This project will be developed in C#.NET Framework using C# language. The role of the administrator is to require care of employee information including operations like modifying, deleting, updating the worker records, and customer order records within the system. Restaurant Management System could also be a Desktop-based application developed using C#.NET for the front-end design, C#.NET for coding. Now, addressing the Administration, an admin has full control of the system. Who can view total transactions of the day, add food and drinks items, delete items, list instant items, item counter, backup system and will also preview instant orders. While adding food and drinks items, the user should refill the item's name, item's quantity, item's serial number (without repeating), and price. The system also displays the customer's transaction amount for daily records. All the foods, and beverages orders of on a day to day are going to be previewed easily from the instant order Preview Option from the Administration. Also, within the Food ordering part, there will be a feature where an auto-generated bill will show up by calculating all the ordered items including details of every item (like name, quantity, and price). Again, within the ordering part, there will be an inventory management process. Which is able to be accessed by both the admin and staff. The staff can only enter data as input but cannot edit it (like delete or, edit functionality), on another hand, the admin is accessible to do to any reasonably operations including adding, editing, and deleting. there will be an inventory of inventories including their quantity. This management process’s work is to remain track of the inventories of the restaurant. Through it, the owner can get the concept of when he/she has to order new inventories, and the way much inventory has been used on a daily basis. Through that, he/she can get a median idea about his regular need, and he can avoid unwanted happenings.
